## Differences Between Licenses
We offer several various licensing options for all instrumentals offered for sale by our producers. The license types we offer are: Basic, Premium, Unlimited, and Exclusive licenses. There are several important differences between these licenses, and it is highly recommended to thoroughly read through them before purchasing instrumentals from our shop. 

### Non-Exclusive Basic Lease
A non-exclusive premium lease authorizes you (the licensee) the ability to commercially distribute 10,000 digital downloads/streams and 1,000 physical sales of an instrumental contained within the pack. You can release it either as a single, or as part of an album or mixtape as long as it is properly registered with a PRO at time of distribution. You can perform the song live for profit. Additionally, the record label reserves the right to a non-negotiable royalty split of 50% on behalf of the composer/producer of the instrumental.

### Non-Exclusive Premium Lease
A non-exclusive premium lease authorizes you (the licensee) the ability to commercially distribute 500,000 digital downloads/streams and 100,000 physical sales of an instrumental contained within the pack. You can release it either as a single, or as part of an album or mixtape as long as it is properly registered with a PRO at time of distribution. You can perform the song live for profit. Additionally, the record label reserves the right to a non-negotiable royalty split of 30% on behalf of the composer/producer of the instrumental. 

### Non-Exclusive Unlimited License
A non-exclusive premium lease authorizes you (the licensee) the ability to distribute an unlimited number of digital & physical sales of an instrumental contained within the pack. You can release it either as a single, or as part of an album or mixtape as long as it is properly registered with a PRO at time of distribution. You can perform the song live for profit. You also granted unlimited synchronization and broadcast rights for the track(s). Additionally, the record label reserves the right to a negotiable royalty split ranging from 25% to 50% on behalf of the composer/producer of the instrumental. 

### Exclusive License
An exclusive license authorizes you (the licensee) the ability to distribute an unlimited number of digital & physical sales of an instrumental contained within the pack. You also granted unlimited synchronization and broadcast rights for the track(s). You can release it either as a single, or as part of an album or mixtape as long as it is properly registered with a PRO at time of distribution. You can perform the song live for profit. You are also entitled to 100% of all writer/publishing royalties from sales. The composer/producer is also prohibited from reselling the beat to other customers at any time.
